Change scrape_interval in metrics scraping example (#1231)
minio/docs: source/operations/monitoring/collect-minio-metrics-using-prometheus.rst

              static_configs:
              - targets: [minio.example.net]
      
- Set the ``scrape_interval`` to an appropriate duration for your environment.
  If you are scraping a large number of metrics, you may need to increase the ``scrape_interval`` to ensure the scraping operation completes before the next time period.

> 

Author: New text to explain why you might want to change the `scrape_interval`

Reviewer: Invites the question of what a 'large number' is. Hm. Spitballing

```suggestion
Increase the ``scrape_interval`` value to exceed the time required to complete a single scrape operation.
Some deployments may require higher ``scrape_intervals`` due to the number of metrics being scraped.
```

Author: @mjkota also provided some additional context (that GitHub ate somehow).

Considerations:
•	System Load: A 60-second interval significantly reduces the load on your MinIO server compared to shorter intervals.
•	Metric Granularity: It is sufficient for cluster and bucket-level metrics.
•	Monitoring Needs: Adjust the interval based on specific monitoring requirements and the capability of your Prometheus server.
By following this recommendation, you ensure efficient resource usage and maintain effective monitoring of your MinIO infrastructure.
This configuration and guideline will help you set up Prometheus to monitor MinIO with a focus on performance efficiency.

Author: Rewrote, incorporating the above information
